[indistinct chattering]
[conveyor belt humming]
-[woman 1] One herbal medicine, dear.
-[woman 2] Yes, ma'am.
[dangdut music playing over speakers]
[kids chattering indistinctly]
Idham.
Go through.
CIRCUMCISION CEREMONY
IDHAM ALBASHIRUN
-Oh, yes, yes, yes.
-[Village Chief laughing]
-Which one is it?
-[woman 2] This one. Oh, thank you!
[man] Ningsih.
Sir, excuse me.
Man, you should eat.
-I'm good. Thanks.
-Come and eat.
-Ningsih.
-Bye, ma'am.
Bye, ma'am.
Just listen.
[plates clattering]
I can explain.
You can explain what?
If you don't want to propose, fine.
But why would you make a promise to me
and then ghost me for days?
It's not that.
The moment… Just wasn't right.
What right moment? The one where I die.
Hey, don't talk like that. It's not good.
Uh… Okay.
I wronged you. I wasn't ready yet.
I overthink too much.
[sighs] Can you please forgive me?
[phone vibrating]
[phone beeps]
Yes, sir.
Yes, I am. I was just stopping by.
[birds chirping]
Ningsih, I have to, um…
get back to the station.
Hey, Ningsih.
Ningsih, my love.
[plate clattering]
You've cleaned this dish very well.
-Now, will you look at me? Right. Up.
-[plate clattering]
I vow that from now on,
you are priority number one.
Yeah?
I'm going to work. I'll be back.
I'm gonna clean all the plates, okay?
And I apologize to you for…
-Hey, hey, uh, um, oh.
-Mmm.
-But wha--
-Okay, okay.
You're going to work today.
I'm sorry for what I put you through.
Okay, I suppose.
Smile.
Mm?
There we are, yeah.
Stay safe. [gasping]
-See you later.
-[man] Okay.
Don't make me wait up.
[engine revving]
[guests cheering]
[roar of a car approaching]
-[foreboding music playing]
-[man shouting]
[foreboding music stops]
[engine hissing]
[crowd panicking]
[Village Chief] Is everyone all right?
Are you okay?
Hey, help here.
Let me help you. Come on.
Hey, you bastard!
Who are you?
Have you lost your mind?
Hey.
You moron!
Get out!
[straining]
Oh, no wonder, he's drunk.
The bastard.
Or he's overdosed.
[snarling]
-What?
-[joints cracking]
[Village Chief] Sir?
[suspenseful music playing]
-[man growling]
-[screaming]
[Village Chief screaming in pain]
[crunching sound]
[Village Chief choking]
[snarling]
-[crowds screaming]
-[suspenseful music intensifies]
THE ELIXIR
[suspenseful music ends]
FIVE HOURS EARLIER
[man] The new materials
haven't been submitted to the agency yet.
[man 2] We've been working on this
for three months now.
But we'll submit it later
once he's approved it.
Don't forget the other one.
One to the boss,
the others for Mrs. Grace.
-Okay, sir.
-Thanks.
[gentle music playing]
-[both laughing]
-Jaka, here.
-Yes, sir.
-Jaka, this is for the boss.
-Yep, sure.
-Take care with it.
-Thank you kindly.
-And this one, for Mrs. Grace. Yeah?
-Jakarta?
-Of course!
[gentle instrumental music playing]
CIRCUMCISION CEREMONY
IDHAM ALBASHIRUN
-Safar?
-[Safar] Yes, sir.
Here. Here you are.
WANIREJO POLICE STATION
[instrumental music continues]
[exhales]
Hey! Hello there! How're you doing?
Hi there.
What is it?
The usual.
A sample for the boss. Be careful.
[sighs] I want this weekend
to go well, Mbok.
[Mbok] Of course.
I want everyone to feel at home
as much as possible.
[birds chirping]
I pray that's so.
I always pray for you and Kenes.
That you two will reconcile.
You were such good childhood friends.
But you haven't spoken a word
to each other for three years.
[inhales] I can't tell you
how much I miss them.
The old days, ma'am.
I do as well.
Sorry to trouble you.
Sir has received a package.
-Okay, just leave it there. Thank you.
-Okay.
Finish up, Han.
It won't.
Hmm… I know.
I think the reason you can't pee
is because you haven't asked permission.
Permission from who?
Um… From the trees, birds, grass,
and nature, basically.
If we're good to the nature gods,
we're looked after by them.
Go on.
Please?
[urinating]
-It worked, Ma.
-[chuckles] See!
Thank you, nature,
for letting Raihan pee. Here.
[Kenes] Watch your hand, doors closing.
Okay.
[sighing]
-All good? Sit up.
-[Raihan] Mm-hm.
Uh, Nes.
This time, try to get on with Karina.
What's she got to do with it?
Dad has to sign.
[sighs] That is true.
And possibly we can push the signing
to this weekend.
If Karina's upset,
then your father's upset.
Then we suffer.
The deal's dead. Yeah?
Okay, Rud, whatever it takes.
Good, Han?
-[Raihan] Yes, Dad.
-Okay.
[gravel crunching]
[instrumental music fades out]
[Karina] What is it?
[gulps]
[sighs] A sample.
When everything's been finalized,
let's go on a trip.
A honeymoon sequel?
What place should we visit now?
[giggles]
We only just went away.
I know, but this will be different.
You're retiring.
-[sighs]
-So you'll be relaxed
and who knows we might come back with…
another!
[both laugh]
Sir.
-[Rudi] Ah, Aris.
-Greetings.
-How are you? How's your family back home?
-Fine. They're fine.
[man] Hello, ma'am.
-What time did you leave Jakarta, ma'am?
-[Aris] Nice car.
[Kenes] We left early this morning.
Have you got everything?
-[Raihan] Yay!
-[Kenes] Be careful, okay?
Han!
Raihan, come on.
Don't get overexcited. We just got here.
Oh, you're sweaty too.
Hi! How was the drive? Are you hungry?
Nes?
[Raihan] Madam Kar!
Hey! I can't believe
how big you are, sweetheart.
Now, would you like some ayam goreng?
-I made it for you.
-Thank you, Madam Kar.
-You're welcome!
-Raihan.
Until your cough's cleared up,
there'll be no ayam goreng.
Okay.
-Hi.
-Rud.
Kar.
Mom-- Ah!
-For the old man.
-Oh, thank you.
-Where is Dad?
-Uh, still in the shower.
Thank you.
Yeah. Uh-huh, well…
See?
Yeah, see? That's better, uh-huh.
No. No, no, that's no good.
-Oh, come on.
-Boo!
Oh, fuck!
-[Raihan giggling]
-[grumbles]
-You little squirt!
-[Raihan laughing]
Let me go!
That game's taken up
two whole days of my life
-just to get to that level.
-I don't care!
-[chuckles] You rascal.
-[laughing]
[laughs]
-Did you come alone, Han?
-[sighs]
My mom and dad are here.
How can I get here alone?
I don't know.
Maybe you can already drive, huh?
[both laughing]
Uh, uh, uh. That's my new one.
-We'll try it out together, okay?
-Okay.
Okay, you can use the other one.
-[man] Han.
-Yeah.
How's Madam Karina and your mom?
-Same as usual, they're fighting.
-Yeah.
But that's how mothers behave.
Yeah, that sounds
like your mother all right!
[both laughing]
Hey, tell me about the fight.
-Were you there? Did you see it?
-[chuckles]
-Mom said to Madam Kar…
-Yeah?
…that I couldn't eat her ayam goreng,
-even though my cough's gone already.
-[sighs]
Well, that's okay.
Just so you know,
Madam Kar's ayam goreng has gone downhill.
-Uncle,
-Yeah?
What's wrong with our family?
Why do you ask?
[sighs] Mom and Dad are fighting.
Mom and Madam Kar, everyone's fighting.
Well, your mother and father's fights,
that's their own business.
Madam Kar and your mother,
that's between them as well.
The important thing is between us.
-That we stay loyal, right?
-Yeah.
Before anything though…
-Well, we'll work on this later!
-[both laughing]
-[Karina] Honey, they're here.
-[husband] Tell them to wait for a while.
[sighing]
Huh?
[foreboding music playing]
[gasps]
[laughs]
[foreboding music ends]
[narrator on TV] For more than 40 years,
Wani Waras Herbal has been
Indonesia's most beloved herbal company.
Now, with global support…
-[Rudi] It's still a work in progress.
-…Wani Waras Herbal…
-…is ready to go international.
-But it's good, right?
WANI WARAS
SINCE 1983
-Wani Waras. Pharma company.
-[Kenes] Hmm.
How come there's no shots
of the Wani Waras factory?
Nes.
That factory's so old. It's ugly.
It'll put off any investors.
But still, Dad's not gonna like it.
You know how he can be.
But he'd like the money, wouldn't he?
It's all about him.
He wants to sell, and that's that.
Only it's not our factory.
But I run it.
-[Raihan laughing]
-[toy gun firing]
-[Rudi] Hey, hey, hey. Stop.
-[Kenes] Hey, Bambang.
-[Bambang laughing]
-[Kenes] What is that? Bring that here.
Don't play with that.
Look at you, you're sweating.
Settle down, Nes. It doesn't even hurt.
Look, watch this, here.
-Hey!
-[Kenes] Bang, no.
[Raihan, Bambang laughing]
-[sighs] Bang, grow up, will you?
-No, come on, you need to calm down now.
[Rudi] Come on, man.
Do the job interview with your uncle.
Stop slacking off.
[Kenes] You missed the interview again?
But if I do show up,
I'll have to go to the middle of nowhere.
What's going to happen
when these jobs run out?
Mm-hm.
Oh, really?
When have you ever worked, huh?
Never!
Come on, we can sit tight,
wait for the merger.
I get money, you get money.
And then you can free yourself from…
-[toy gun firing]
-Hey!
-[Bambang laughing]
-Raihan.
-Stop it. Don't copy your uncle.
-Stop it.
-Han, that's enough.
-Good job!
Where are they?
[gasps]
Honey? Uh…
[foreboding music playing]
You've got…
What the…
You've gone all-- Wait, how?
[laughs]
And let me show you something. Here.
[sighs]
[giggles softly]
-Look. Look, look, look!
-No, no, no.
[gasps]
-[gasps]
-[laughing]
[gasps]
[both laughing]
-[laughing]
-[husband moans]
[foreboding music intensifies, then stops]
So, when do we sign? Hm?
Here.
-[paper rustling]
-I've got the contracts right here.
-This weekend, it could happen.
-[Bambang] Ah.
Then we're loaded.
[Rudi] Well, that depends on Dad.
[Dad] Ah.
-Dad? Uh…
-Dad.
-How are you?
-I'm good.
You're so different. You look refreshed.
I just had a shower.
-Have you dyed your hair?
-No.
You like my hair? [chuckles]
Rudi, I watched your video.
-Uh, how did you find it?
-[Dad] Terrible.
What about my factory? Where is it?
Remember, Wani Waras is modest and humble.
Full of local culture
and natural sites, not this.
What's this you're giving me?
What are all these buildings?
Are you ashamed?
Oh, uh…
You're afraid Nusa Farma will try
to lower the price.
-[Raihan] Grandpa!
-Hey!
-Little guy is getting so big, isn't he?
-Raihan.
[both laughing]
Hey, I need to talk to your father,
your mother, and your uncle.
Go play. Off you go. Okay?
-[fake screaming]
-[Rudi] Raihan.
[clock chiming]
[Rudi whispering] Kar.
Why does Dad look so young?
[Karina] He didn't look like that
this morning.
[Kenes] Dad.
Have you had a makeover or something?
[chuckling] Listen.
I've had second thoughts,
and I finally decided
not to sell Wani Waras.
-What?
-[Bambang] Dad.
So the money's not ours?
What is it for?
Why do you need it? To buy toys?
-[scoffs] Fuck this!
-[Dad] Bang!
[Kenes] Where are you going?
-[Bambang] Ah…
-[Dad] Grow up!
Bang!
[door thudding]
[Dad sighing] Okay, whatever.
Listen up.
Now, you must all see
Wani Waras is failing, can't you?
It makes no money.
It's a second rate company.
So, we have to take this offer
from Nusa Farma.
Will this fix everything?
No, it won't.
No.
All because we didn't have
a special elixir.
But now…
Take a look.
[foreboding music playing]
[inhales]
This herbal's new.
There's gonna be change.
We now have an eternal youth potion.
See? Hm?
No more gray hair.
No more glasses.
I woke up with gray hair
and my voice wasn't like this.
[in deep voice] It sounded like this.
[normal voice] And why?
Because of this.
[inhales]
This concoction will change the world.
I'm gonna name this elixir
"Abadi Nan Jaya."
Honey.
You had made up your mind
that you were going to retire.
[foreboding music stops]
Kar.
I really do apologize to you.
But from now, this is my priority.
Wani Waras.
I'm doing this for you.
But you know Rudi and I
are getting a divorce.
Nes, let's not talk about that.
But Dad, I had a plan.
I wanna open my own business,
so Raihan and I will be independent
and we won't have to rely on anyone.
Nes, let's be mature about this.
That door closed when you went and slept
with Lisa from Nusa Farma!
[Dad] Okay, okay, okay, that's it.
Enough already.
So what's going to happen to Raihan,
when you separate?
Thought about that?
Kenes, have you ever taken care
of your appearance?
What have you ever done to look better?
Hm? What?
[scoffs]
Explain why I'm the bad guy, please.
-It's not that, sweetheart.
-[Karina] Honey.
-Kenes is right. It's not right for--
-[Kenes] Don't defend me!
Are you aware?
Are you?
-Of Bambang's issues.
-Darling.
It doesn't matter who gets hurt,
you can't help but get your way.
No. No, no, no, no.
Even when it's wrong,
even when you hurt your own children,
even when you steal my best friend
and then go and marry her.
Kenes!
-Why are you bringing me into this?
-[Kenes] Well, of course I am.
My dad's gone crazy because of you.
-I've asked if we can talk.
-What do you want to talk about?
So what's up with you?
[ominous music playing]
You're gonna tell me
you love my dad, are you?
Bullshit, Karina.
You want his baby to get his money.
-Nes.
-Stop!
-[high-pitched ringing]
-[bubbling sound]
We've been friends since we were kids.
I was always there.
When you lost your mother.
When you got pregnant
and had to marry Rudi.
What do you want from me, huh?
Hear me say thanks? You won't hear it.
I won't tell you again.
How dare you bring up my mother?
Have you forgotten that I caught you
in my mom's bed with my dad?
Naked in my mother's bed
with my own father!
[Dad] That's enough!
Kenes. Rudi.
Don't confuse Wani Waras
with your personal issues.
My decision is made.
I'm not selling Wani Waras.
-[sighs]
-[Rudi] Dad.
Dad.
Dad, let's talk this out.
And what is there
to talk about, Rudi? Huh?
You only care about the money.
Don't you?
-Dad. Dad, listen to me.
-What is it?
I built Wani Waras from nothing.
You thought about that or not? Have you?
Have you?
For years, I worked here in Wanirejo
while you lived the high life in Jakarta.
Kenes, have you ever asked your father
if you could help out with anything?
What about you?
Have you ever thought
it might be a nice thing to thank me?
I never get any gratitude from you people.
-Honey.
-My love.
They are such ungrateful children.
Taking. Taking. Always.
No respect for their elders.
Look here.
-Here's your ATM, huh?
-[Rudi] Dad.
-Dad!
-Stop, stop.
-Huh?
-Honey.
[ominous music continues]
[muscles straining]
[sighing]
Never respect their parents.
-Oh, what?
-Oh my, what's happening?
[bubbling]
What's happening, Dad? What--?
-Love.
-What? Dad, what's wrong?
-Darling.
-[Kenes] Dad?
Rud. Darling.
[Kenes] Dad. Dad?
-[vomiting]
-[Kenes] Dad!
[Dad shrieking]
-Honey?
-[Kenes] Dad!
-[muscles straining]
-[groaning]
[Kenes] Dad!
-[snarling]
-Dad. Dad.
-[gasping]
[breathes in heavily]
[gasping in shock]
[Kenes groaning]
[Rudi] Dad, Dad, Dad!
-Honey?
-[Bambang] Dad.
Help me. We need to lift his head.
-Easy, easy.
-Honey.
Rudi, help here.
-[Kenes] Dad!
-Honey. Honey.
-Rud?
-He's not breath--
-You can't say that! We need a doctor.
-Don't talk crap.
Call the hospital. Hurry up. Now!
Bang, help me get Dad into the car.
-Hurry up! What are you doing?
-Hang on.
-Dad, wake up.
-Mbok Sum! Mbok Sum?
-[Kenes] Dad, Dad.
-[Karina] Mbok Sum!
Mbok!
-Oh, my!
-[Karina] Help!
Please get Pardi and Aris.
Please help them move him to the car.
-Mbok, we don't have long.
-Yes.
The nearest ambulance is in Sleman.
Keep looking.
There's gotta be a closer one.
-[Rudi] Where?
-[Raihan] Grandpa?
-[Kenes] On the Internet, just look.
-[Rudi] But--
There will be a clinic somewhere.
-[Karina] Bang!
-[Kenes] We got to find one quickly.
There is a clinic nearby,
we've just gotta get him there now.
-[Rudi] I don't know where.
-[Kenes] Mr. Aris will know.
[bubbles rising]
[suspenseful music playing]
-Mommy?
-What is it, sweetheart?
-[Kenes screams]
-[growls]
-[Kenes] Dad?
-[teeth chattering]
[all screaming]
Dad! What's happening?
What's the problem?
Oh, dear God Almighty.
[growling]
-[crunching sound]
-[groaning]
[all screaming]
-[Karina gasping in shock]
-[growls]
Sir?
-[Kenes] Dad!
-Sir. Sir!
Sir! No. Sir.
Sir! [screaming]
[vomiting]
[coughing]
Dad, Dad.
-Dad, Dad, Dad.
-[Aris] Stop, sir.
Dad, Dad. Dad!
Mr. Aris? Mr. Aris?
No. Dad, no.
Dad. Don't.
Hey, get off!
[Bambang] Help! Nes, get him off me.
-Dad, Dad, stop!
-Karina, help!
-Honey.
-Get Dad off me.
Get him off me, Nes. Nes, help me. Pull!
-Honey.
-Dad!
-Stop this. Dad. Please, please.
-Dad, stop it. No!
-Please, Dad, stop it. Dad.
-Darling, stop.
Get him off me. Goddamn it.
Help me, Nes, Nes!
Get him off me! Nes. Nes!
-Oh, fuck!
-[music intensifies]
[Kenes] Stop, Dad!
[Bambang] Dad!
-[squelching]
-[Karina gasping loudly]
-[music stops]
-Dad?
[gasping for air]
[gasps]
[joints cracking]
-[thudding]
-Dad?
[Karina] My darling!
-Oh, God.
-[sobbing] Darling.
[Karina, Kenes crying]
[crying loudly]
[somber music playing]
My God.
[muffled sobbing]
[Rudi] Are you hurt anywhere?
[somber music continues]
[heavy breathing]
[crying loudly]
[somber music ends]
Aris. Aris.
Aris, please don't say what's happened.
Say there's an accident.
But you got to bring the police here.
Let me do the explaining, okay?
Aris, listen.
[nervously] Yes-- Yes, sir. Yes, got it.
-You clean off all the blood first.
-Yes, sir.
Go.
[engine starts]
[panting]
-[shifting gears]
-[clears throat]
[foreboding music playing]
[shifting gears]
[heavy breathing]
[music intensifies, then stops]
What on earth happened?
[woman] I honestly don't know.
It wasn't his voice at all.
-He sounded possessed.
-Don't say that.
[Kenes] Bambang. Hey, Bang.
Bang!
Bambang.
What are you-- Ugh.
[sobbing]
[muffled] Bang.
Let me in. Come on.
[sighs] I know you're scared.
[somber music playing]
[car locks click]
[sobbing]
Dad never appreciated what I did.
He was always undermining me.
[somber music stops]
Look at this for a start.
Wouldn't even buy me
a new set of car keys.
I know, I never met his expectations.
It-- It's my fault he's dead.
It wasn't you.
I was there, I saw it.
It was an accident.
You can't think
it was in any way your fault.
[sighs]
[sniffs] Dad would want you to stay.
Who's going to look after me
if you go away?
[heavy breathing]
What was going on with Dad?
Why did he do that?
Who knows?
Ma'am.
-Pardi?
-What's up?
-Unconscious.
-[Karina] What?
We must get him to a hospital.
-Unconscious?
-Yes. Yes.
[clattering]
What is it?
Han.
[ominous music playing]
[teeth gnashing]
[Mbok Sum] Pardi?
Oh, my God.
[snarling]
Mbok. Be careful, be careful!
-[Rudi] Watch out, Bok.
-[screaming]
-[tense music playing]
-[shattering]
-[gasps] Pardi!
-[growling]
-[gasps]
-Watch out, ma'am.
[snarling]
-Pardi. Hey, hey. Pardi! Pardi!
-Rudi, help me. Help me.
-Pardi. Get away.
-Madam Kar, what's happening?
-[thud]
-[cracking]
[screams]
-[snarling]
-What's wrong with you? Pardi, it's me.
Pardi. Hey, hey.
-Pardi, Pardi. Stop this now.
-Pardi, Pardi! What's happened to you?
[screaming]
[music intensifies]
-[Rudi gasping]
-Imah!
Imah!
[growling]
-[snarling]
-[flesh squelching]
[music stops]
[ominous music playing]
Nes. Nes.
[grunting]
[ominous music intensifies]
[gasping]
Nes, get back in!
[joints cracking]
[panting]
[roaring]
[suppressed scream]
-[thudding]
-[music stops]
[screaming]
[screaming in horror] Fuck!
[screaming continues]
Fuck.
-[stifled gagging]
-[groaning]
We have to get her to a hospital, Nes.
-[tense music playing]
-[all panting]
[growling]
[all panting]
[Kenes] Oh, my God.
Rud?
[ominous music fades]
Rudi.
[panting]
Rud?
-[Bambang] Nes! What do we do now?
-Bang?
-What do we do? What do we do?
-Bang, where are they?
-Rud? Rudi?
-What?
[Bambang] Raihan.
-Han.
-[Kenes] Oh, my God.
[Kenes breathing heavily]
Rud?
Rudi? Bang.
Oh, fuck!
-Holy shit.
-We got to find them quick.
[Kenes] Rud? Rudi?
-[Bambang] Kar!
-[Kenes] Raihan? Han?
Mbok Sum?
Rud? [sighing in frustration]
Come on, answer it.
-[Bambang] Nes.
-Rud?
-Ow.
-Uh--
-Did he answer?
-No, wait. I'm still trying to reach him.
-He won't answer. Why can't he hear it?
-Keep calling.
[cracking sound approaching]
Bang. That's Imah.
That was Imah…
[roaring]
[Bambang] Run, Nes!
[Kenes] Get the door!
[banging on door]
[Kenes] Come on, run!
Rudi, answer the phone.
-Still nothing?
-No, he's not picking up.
-You just gotta keep calling.
-Yeah, okay, I am.
Ugh. Fuck!
[Kenes sighs]
[Bambang] Come on, let's go.
[gasps]
[Bambang] Where's Suji?
[roaring in the distance]
[music intensifies]
-Bang, Bambang! Bang! Hey!
-Ji. Ji!
-[screaming]
-Ji!
Bang!
-Let's go. Nes, come on!
-[panting]
Rudi, just call me, okay?
[grunting]
[groaning]
[tense music continues]
[tires screeching]
[music intensifies]
-[music stops]
-[engine hissing]
[angry commotion]
[Village Chief] Bastard!
Have you lost your mind?
[gibbering]
[Village Chief] Hey!
-[banging on car window] Get out!
-[gibbers]
Get out!
Oh, no wonder, he's drunk.
The bastard.
[snarling]
[Village Chief] What?
-[growling]
-[tense music playing]
[Village Chief screaming]
[crowd clamoring]
[growling]
[roaring]
[crowd screaming]
[tense music intensifies, then stops]
[Rudi] There's a car. Let's go.
[Raihan] I'm scared.
Hurry up. [heavy breathing]
Kar, check the door.
Daddy. Help me quickly.
[Rudi] Okay, okay. Just wait.
So, Kar.
-It's locked.
-Seriously?
-[roaring]
-[suspenseful music playing]
[growling]
[growling softly]
[joints cracking]
[roaring]
[suspenseful music continues]
[suspenseful music stops]
[cell phone ringing]
-[phone vibrating]
-[roaring]
[ringing stops]
-[tense music playing]
-[Rudi gasping]
Pardi! Stop. Pardi, Pardi.
Get him off me. Get him off me.
-No!
-Ugh.
[Raihan screaming]
[straining] Pardi!
-[snarling]
-[Rudi] Pardi!
[music intensifies]
-[flesh squelching]
-[screams]
[groaning in pain]
[thunder rumbling]
[tense music stops]
[growling softly]
[Rudi] Karina, come on.
Come on, let's go. We gotta go now.
Karina, let's go. Karina, Mbok Sum.
[growling softly]
-[Kenes] Rudi. Rudi. Rudi, Rudi, Rudi.
-[tires screech]
Rud, please tell me where you are.
Get out of that place now.
Pardi attacked us. It was like Dad.
[Karina] Can you pick us up?
Yes. Imah and Suji attacked us as well.
What the hell is happening here?
Tell me where you are, I'll come get you.
It's raining so hard.
Please tell me
Raihan's gonna be fine, Rud?
[Rudi] Where shall we meet?
[Mbok Sum] We're not far from
the chief's house. We can go there.
Tell Kenes
we'll meet at the chief's house.
Nes. Karina says
to meet at the chief's house.
The chief's house.
Where's the chief's house?
What? What makes you think I'd know?
How can you not know that?
He doesn't know the chief's house, Rud!
-Oh, my God.
-So what the hell does he know?
[sighing in frustration]
-Bok, can you take us to the chief's?
-Yes, of course.
-[Rudi] I'll share the location.
-[Mbok] We can go now.
Okay, great. Share the location, Rud.
-Now, can I quickly talk to Raihan?
-No, no.
-There's no time. We'll meet there.
-Come on.
-Rud. Rudi? Hello?
-[call disconnected]
Oh, my Raihan! Now what?
What do we do next?
-Okay, well, we go.
-Where to, Bang?
-My son, we have to pick him up.
-Calm down. You've got to calm down.
[sobbing] My son!
-Come on.
-[Rudi] Is this the chief's house?
[Mbok Sum] Yes, yes.
Hurry up.
Hello? Madam? Chief?
[Rudi] This is his house, right?
[Mbok Sum] What is it, ma'am?
[growls in the distance]
[ominous music playing]
It's Aris, ma'am.
They're just like Pardi.
Poor Aris.
[Rudi] We have to find somewhere safe.
Come on, Karina, come inside.
-[growls]
-[screaming]
[music intensifies]
Karina, Karina!
-[screaming] Mbok! Mbok! Mbok!
-Karina! Karina!
Karina, watch out!
[screaming in panic]
-Karina, no!
-Mbok!
[screaming] No!
[screaming]
Karina! Karina, stop it! Let go. Let go.
[ominous music ends]
-[Kenes] We missed the turn, go back.
-[Bambang] What?
[Kenes] Back up, back up.
We need to turn left.
-Hurry up.
-[Bambang] Okay, just calm down.
-This must be the place, right?
-Yeah, this is it.
[Kenes] Okay, hurry up.
[tires screeching]
[heavy breathing]
-Nes. What's happened?
-[gasps]
[Kenes exclaims]
Oh, my God.
[growling]
[panting]
[Karina sobbing]
[Raihan] Mom…
[Karina continues sobbing]
Fuck.
[growling]
[crunching]
[munching]
[flesh tearing]
[lock clicks]
[sighing heavily]
[whispering] Goddamn it! What do I do?
[Karina panting]
Here. Have something to drink, all right?
[sighs]
Please answer.
Come on, where are you?
Hey, I'm here.
[Kenes] Where are you? I can't see you.
[whispering] In the village chief's house.
We're right in front of his house,
so please tell me where you are.
I can't see you.
[whispering] We're stuck, damn it!
There's so many of them.
They're everywhere.
-Nes, Nes, Nes.
-Do you hear that?
-Just follow the sound.
-Nes!
[honking]
[crunching]
[whispering] Nes.
[honking continues]
-Nes, stop it.
-Rud! Rud!
You're attracting their attention. Look.
[gasping]
[tense music playing]
-[Bambang] Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God!
-[both gasping]
[growling]
No, no, not happening.
-No, we can't leave Raihan. [screams]
-There'll be another way.
[Kenes] There's so many of them. [screams]
Be careful, Bang!
Bambang, be careful!
[shrieking]
-[Kenes] Hurry up, Bang!
-[Bambang] Okay, okay.
[music intensifies]
[screams] Hurry up, Bang!
I'm calling Rudi.
[intense music fades]
[both breathing nervously]
[panting] Karina.
That car over there, that's Dad's.
-Yeah, yeah, yeah.
-We have to get there.
[grunts and groans]
[heavy breathing]
-[Rudi] I'll check the car. Take Raihan.
-[Karina panting]
-Karina.
-Okay.
-Get the door. Hold Raihan.
-Come on, come on. Okay.
[panicked breathing]
Damn, it's not working.
Fuck, the car won't start.
Dad.
-Dad.
-What?
[ominous music playing]
[shrieking]
-Uh, damn!
-[gasping in fear]
[Rudi] Run, run!
Goddamn, what is this bastard?
Fuck!
Goddamn it.
[gasping]
There, Karina, go. Go, go!
Help! Help!
[Rudi] Move it.
Rudi.
Come on. Come here if you dare.
-Asshole!
-[roaring]
Rudi.
-[Rudi screams]
-Rudi?
[screaming continues]
[flesh squelching]
[music intensifies, then stops]
-[heavy breathing]
-[Rudi sighing]
[Raihan] Daddy?
[panting]
Made it.
[Bambang] I can't breathe.
I can't breathe.
Uh, fuck! He's not answering.
Rudi, come on, answer.
Oh, no. We left Raihan.
Okay, hold yourself together.
Bang, we can't keep driving this way,
there's no more road.
-[Bambang] There's gotta be another way.
-There isn't!
-You want me to drive towards them? No!
-We have to pick up Raihan.
He's back the other way.
-Check it properly, will you?
-It's back that way.
-Here, let me see.
-Bang, you can see. Bang, please.
-Watch out! [screams]
-Hey, Nes!
[truck honking]
Watch out for the cart!
[engine hissing]
[eerie music playing]
[tires screech]
[heavy breathing]
-Goddamn. Damn it.
-[woman] Oh my goodness, the car.
-Oh dear, we'll be running even later now.
-Can you believe it? Damn!
[woman] Oh my goodness, those poor people.
Can you see anyone?
Hey, hey, what happened?
-We're already late.
-[driver] There's been a collision.
[coughing]
[grunting]
[Bang continues coughing]
[driver] Sir, how are you?
Are you all right?
Ma'am, are you okay?
Let me help you. Slowly.
[growling]
[driver] I'll take you to the clinic.
-You'll be okay.
-No need.
-No. No, no, I can take you.
-I'm fine. I'm fine.
[all growling]
-Nes.
-[gasping]
Nes, it's…
[man 1] What's that?
-[crowd screaming]
-[roaring]
-[snarling]
-[screaming]
[woman screaming]
[all screaming in panic]
-Hey, hey, that's my truck!
-Wait, wait!
[driver] Get off!
-[passengers screaming]
-He's going to die.
[roaring]
[driver] Hey, hey, hey!
[screaming in pain]
-We have to go.
-Go where?
There's the police station.
-[Bambang grunting]
-[panting]
[music intensifies]
[music fades]
[nervous breathing]
[Rudi panting]
Are you okay?
I'm okay.
[Karina] Wait here.
I'll look for a rag.
[foreboding music playing]
Dad?
[somber music playing]
Have you tried calling mommy? Dad?
Your mother and I, we argue all the time.
But I still love her very much.
[somber music continues]
And I can't say how much I love you.
Don't you ever forget that.
[sobs]
From now on,
you have to look after Mom.
What's the matter with you?
Please don't go anywhere.
You must look after your mother.
You're big now.
[Raihan sobbing softly]
Why, Dad?
How come?
Stay right here. Wait for Madam Kar.
Don't follow me.
[Raihan] What's wrong, Dad?
Dad.
Rud?
[joints cracking]
[Karina] Raihan.
Come here.
[ominous music playing]
Dad? Daddy!
[joints cracking]
[roaring]
Daddy!
[whimpers]
Dad!
-[Karina] Rudi. Rudi!
-Dad!
-Dad.
-Don't, Rudi.
-Stop, Dad. Dad, please don't.
-[teeth gnashing]
[Karina] No, Rudi!
Daddy, don't!
-Daddy. [yells]
-[teeth gnashing]
-[thudding]
-[panting]
[Karina] Rudi.
-[roaring]
-[clattering]
Don't do this, Rud!
Rudi, stop!
[growling]
-[door thudding]
-[panting]
[flesh squelching]
-[roaring]
-[water pump clanging]
[Raihan] Dad.
[crying] No, Daddy. Dad.
-[sobbing] Daddy. No, Daddy. Daddy.
-Get back. No.
-Daddy, Daddy.
-No, don't!
[shrieking]
-[ominous music ends]
-Please, Daddy.
-[officer] Why did you leave it here?
-Because the store was full, sir.
It's okay though.
We're destroying them all tomorrow.
That's right, sir.
Well, don't smoke.
-If they catch fire, we'll blow up.
-Yes, sir.
-Then how will we get a promotion?
Yes, sir.
-[Bambang] Wait, wait for me!
-Hey, hey!
-Miss. Ma'am, calm down.
-Wait, wait, wait.
Hey, what happened to you?
-Calm down.
-Excuse me, we had an accident.
-The car overturned.
-Where?
The paddy field, the car's there.
-Please sit down.
-Anybody hurt?
-Can you check it out? Please.
-I'm fine.
I have to borrow a car.
My nephew's in danger.
-Please help us.
-Now, calm down.
Is this an accident or do you need a car?
[grunting] Yes, both.
-What do you mean?
-We're in a hurry.
-Okay, just please sit down first…
-Please, sir.
-…and tell us the whole story.
-No, there's no time.
-Calm down.
-Calm down, sir.
-Can you sit?
-There's no time, sir.
-Calm down, calm down, calm.
-I can't.
Please check outside, sir.
There are so many people.
-[officer 1] Okay, we'll check.
-It's complete chaos.
-Uh, Der. Der, Der.
-Yes, sir.
-Go check on the road.
-Okay, sir.
You can't just send one person.
There are so many people
who've died out there.
-Died? How?
-See for yourself.
-I need to a car to pick up my son.
-What do you mean so many died?
-Sir! There's a lot of people out there.
-Just look!
-It's an emergency, sir.
-What happened?
Can you check?
[tense music]
Don't leave us! Please.
We'll need your help here.
-[officer] We don't have the manpower.
-Calm down. Please sit down, sir.
Get the vests and the firearms.
-What's happening?
-We've got a situation out there.
[officer] Sir.
[sobbing] Raihan, stay strong now.
We have to be brave. Stay beside me, okay?
[both crying]
-[door opens]
-Madam Kar!
[music swells, then stops]
[Ningsih] Who are you?
[heavy breathing]
Are you possessed?
What? Possessed?
No, of course we're not possessed.
[Karina sobbing in fear]
What do you want?
Why are you in my house?!
They were chasing us,
we saw this house, and we came in.
[Raihan] Madam Kar.
[Karina, Ningsih panting]
-[Rudi roaring]
-[thud]
Who's that?
Stay back.
Don't.
-[growling]
-[clanging]
What the…?
-Sir.
-What is that?
Sir, what's going on?
-Hold on, it's dangerous.
-Hey!
[snarling]
What are they?
[all snarling]
Oh, God!
[growling]
Tear gas. Fire it, fire it. Go on
Sir!
-What the hell? They're not stopping.
-Stop!
-Go back, go back.
-What do we do?
-Go back. Back!
-They're not stopping.
[commander] Shoot!
Oh! Oh, my God. Help, help!
Shoot! Help. [screaming]
-[commander] Hey! Hey! Get back!
-[screaming in pain]
[yelling]
[screaming] Bastard!
Back off, back off, back off!
Back off! Back off!
Back off!
-You bastard!
-[roaring]
[crunching]
-[line ringing]
-[phone beeps]
Sorry, I can't get to you yet.
[Ningsih] Rahman.
[sobbing] Mom, Dad, my uncle.
They're all gone, Rahman. [sobs]
What? What do you mean?
Did they have an accident?
No, it wasn't an accident.
I was at Idham's house
when suddenly they all appeared.
-Where are you now?
-I'm at home.
-Are you okay?
-[commander] Rahman!
-Rahman?
-Man!
-I'll call you back.
-Hello?
-[call disconnected]
-What happened, sir?
-Get back inside.
Close the door. Quick!
[pounding on door]
[Bambang] Sir!
[Rahman] I've got the door!
[panting]
Get the cabinet.
Out of the way.
[Bambang] The chair.
[Rahman grunting]
[Rahman] Sir!
Hold, hold.
[Kenes] Bang, come on.
[in hoarse voice] Don't let them get in.
-[Rahman] Hold the door, sir.
-[Bambang] Okay.
-[thud]
-[clattering]
-Please, my vest.
-Yes sir.
Don't let them get in.
[choking]
He-- Here, sir.
-Sir, sir, sir, sir!
-[clattering]
Sir.
Hold on, sir. We'll get help here.
You'll be okay. Hold on, sir.
Can you help me? I can't control.
I'm gonna call-- Sir. Don't, sir.
Sir?
Hello? Yes, Wanirejo Hospital?
Please send an ambulance
to Wanirejo precinct.
Just come straight to the station.
Thank you.
[suspenseful music playing]
[joints cracking]
[Rahman] Sir.
-Sir?
-Sir. Don't.
-Bang.
-Don't touch it.
Sir?
[roaring]
[Bambang] Shoot him.
-You can't argue with them, trust me.
-Shh!
-Sir.
-Officer.
-Damn it!
-[Kenes screams] Bang!
-[thud]
-[music stops]
You fool!
Sir!
[both whimpering]
Sir? [panting]
You killed my boss.
Why'd you do that?
-No, sir--
-I could charge you with murder.
If I hadn't killed him,
we'd have all been murdered.
-[angrily] How?
-[gasps]
-[Kenes whimpers]
-Look. There.
There!
-[commander growls]
-Sir?
-[roaring]
-Don't, sir, don't!
Ugh, sir.
Sir!
[Rahman grunting]
-[Kenes] Bambang!
-[Bambang] Stay calm. I'll protect you.
[Kenes screaming] Bang! Bambang!
[Bambang yelling]
-[Kenes] Bang!
-Nes! Help me, Nes!
Get him off me. Nes, Nes!
[metal clangs]
Bang!
[Bambang yelling]
[Kenes screaming in panic]
-Help me.
-It's okay.
[Bambang, Rahman grunting]
[Bambang] Okay.
Watch-- Watch out your hand.
[roaring]
WANIREJO POLICE STATION
Sir, sir. Excuse me, sir.
-[Rahman panting]
-Sir.
Could we call, uh…
like, other police stations
for help, maybe?
Is that possible?
What's wrong with him
and the ones outside?
Sir, sir. Don't worry
about the reason behind all this.
-What's important here is a solution.
-How do I report this to main base?
Tell them what happened.
There was a riot, people died.
-[Kenes] Sir, come on.
-Please.
[zombies roaring outside]
Hello? Sleman Police?
I have a report from Wanirejo precinct.
I want to report a community riot.
Casualties include three police officers.
[snarling]
Requesting reinforcements
as soon as possible.
[line ringing]
[phone disconnects]
[sighing]
[somber music playing]
[breathing heavily]
[Bambang] Nes. Nes?
[sobbing]
Nes.
Nes?
Hey.
Just breathe, okay?
You gotta calm down.
I'm sure Raihan is fine.
He's a strong kid. Smart.
I'm-- I'm sure he'll survive. [grunts]
[sighs softly]
With Rudi, I don't really care.
Hope his knob gets chewed off.
-No, no.
-Bang.
So he can't cheat on anyone anymore.
I can't accept that.
Hurting my little sister.
[Kenes sighing]
It's gonna be okay. It's fine.
Help's coming.
Are you sure?
Yeah.
That's what Rahman said.
[somber music ends]
[phone vibrating]
[sighs softly]
-[Bambang] Who is it?
-I don't know, it's an unknown number.
[phone beeps]
-Hello?
-[Karina] Nes!
-Kar? Karina?
-[relieved sighs] Nes, what's happening?
Kar, where are you?
Near the chief's place.
We're in a house.
What's happening with you and Bambang?
Kar, where's Raihan?
He's with me, hold on.
[exhales] Han, it's your mom.
[Bambang] Han? Han.
-Uncle?
-Raihan, it's mommy, sweetheart. [sobs]
Are you all right? Tell me you're okay.
I'm okay. When are you getting here?
I'm with Madam Kar.
Um, Mommy can't come over
right now, sweetie,
but I'm hoping to be there with you
as soon as I can.
But are you okay?
I'm fine, sweetie. Really I am.
-But where's your dad?
-Daddy…
Nes?
How's Rudi, Kar?
[sobbing] Rudi…
Kar, how's Rudi?
Rudi turned, Nes.
[in nervous voice] He--
He attacked me and then Raihan.
[Karina sobbing]
Uh-- Uh…
Are you absolutely sure he's turned?
Same as Dimin, Nes.
[heavy sighs]
-Kar, Kar.
-Oh…
We're at the police station at the moment.
We're stuck here, Karina.
Reinforcements
from Sleman Station are coming.
When they get here,
we'll come get you too, okay?
Okay, Bang. [sobs]
Yeah.
-Can I talk to Raihan?
-Okay, wait.
[sighs]
-[sobs]
-[Raihan] Yes, Mom?
[sniffling softly]
[inhales] Uh, darling?
Keep it up. You're doing great.
Uh…
I'm sorry, I can't get to you right now.
But I will. You wait for me, okay?
Okay, Mom.
Okay, I love you. I'll see you soon.
[phone beeps]
[call disconnected]
[somber music continues]
Hey, hey, it's okay.
[sobbing]
It's okay.
Raihan's gonna be fine.
[crying loudly]
[somber music fades]
-[roaring]
-[tense music playing]
[pounding on door]
-Guys, come here!
-[Bambang] What is it?
Help me.
-[Bambang] Huh?
-Hold the door.
-Okay, come on, Nes.
-[Kenes grunting]
[man on the radio] Wanirejo One.
Wanirejo One, come in.
This is Sleman 204.
Wanirejo One, come in!
-This is Wanirejo. Wanirejo, come in.
-Is this Wanirejo One?
-This is Wanirejo, come in, sir.
-Wanirejo, we can't go in.
Hey, move away!
Sleman 204. Are you all right?
Sleman, can you hear me?
-Shoot! Now! Shoot!
-[gunfire]
-[screaming on the radio]
-Help!
Hello, sir. Over.
-[screaming, then growling]
-[radio disconnected]
[ominous music playing]
[munching]
-Hurry up! Bang!
-[Bambang] Hold on, Nes.
[pounding on door]
Go, sir.
[all growling]
Oh, God.
[breathing heavily]
[Rahman] I'm wrecked. There's our help.
Or was our help.
-How's Raihan coping?
-[Bambang] Don't know.
[Kenes sighing worriedly]
[ominous music intensifies]
[ominous music fades]
[Karina] Hello, Nes.
[Kenes] It's all over, Kar.
What are you saying?
The rescue team didn't make it.
No one survived.
[gasps]
[breathing nervously]
So what happens now?
I have no idea.
What's Raihan doing?
Having something to eat, he was starving.
Okay. Okay.
Don't go out.
Look after him.
Just stay inside and don't go out, okay?
We're not going anywhere.
We're stuck here, aren't we?
Do you remember
when we were trapped at school
because of the flood,
and we weren't allowed to go out?
How could I forget?
You had that club meeting
that always ran late.
I wasn't even a member.
Then my dad picked us up. Is that right?
Crazy. I really miss your dad.
He'd come to get us with his car
almost every day.
My dad would never pick us up.
But your dad was always there.
I'm sorry, Karina.
I wasn't there for you when he died.
But you were always there for me.
[inhales deeply]
Nes…
I honestly did love Dimin.
But I should have put my friend first.
I know.
I also know that Dad worshiped you.
But do you want to know
what really breaks my heart?
I lost my best friend.
I lost you too Nes.
Kar, if anything happens to me
and Bambang, you promise me…
Don't say that, please.
…you will raise my Raihan somewhere else.
Okay?
[sighing sadly]
Yes, I will.
Okay.
[Kenes sobbing]
[call disconnected]
[phone beeps]
[somber music ends]
[zombies clamoring]
[Rahman] There's more of them now.
Sir. What's the next move, sir?
I really need to pick up my nephew.
What are they? Are they human or not?
Of course not.
You can't even talk to them, sir.
They just want to kill you and then feast.
[call to prayer over the loudspeaker]
[loud roaring]
[footsteps running]
Although, they'll still pray.
[hopeful music playing]
I don't think so.
Maybe they're just reacting to the sound.
[ominous music playing]
[muezzin screaming over the loudspeaker]
[muezzin screaming in pain]
Dead.
Hang on.
Sorry.
Sir, do you have a lighter?
Here, take it.
[suspenseful music playing]
-[lighter clicking]
-[fuse hissing]
[firecracker whizzing]
-[firecracker popping]
-[roaring]
I know.
We can use my bike, sir.
POLICE
[ominous music ends]
[Kenes sighs]
Sir?
Didn't you say
you only contacted one police unit?
Surely there are other stations
or precincts we could ask for help?
How quick can they be?
We'll be overrun before they get here.
This will be the best way,
and to see Raihan, we need to go now.
Come on, trust me.
[gun cocks]
[Rahman] Okay. Here's the safety.
Aim, pull the trigger.
Do I really have to use this?
They're not human anymore, Nes.
Come on, you can do it.
-[Rahman] Here.
-[Bambang] Okay.
-[Bambang] Can I use that?
-[Rahman] Yes, you can.
Working.
Ningsih, I'm gonna get the motorbike,
and then I'll pick you up.
Are you sure about this?
I'm worried
that you're gonna be in danger.
90% sure.
Well, 85%.
That's not bad.
I'm serious.
It's fine. Don't worry. I'll be there.
Just be careful.
Thank you.
-[phone beeps]
-[call disconnected]
[Ningsih] Ma'am.
My boyfriend's going to pick us up.
-[thunder rumbling]
-[growling outside]
[growling in the next room]
-[thunder crashing]
-[roaring]
[growls]
There's still so many of them.
Are you sure?
Yeah.
[tense music playing]
-You sure you wanna open the door?
-Uh-huh.
-Sir, sir. You're absolutely sure?
-Yes. Yeah.
-Uh-huh.
-We're doing this?
Yeah, I'm sure.
-There are so many of them out there.
-It'll be okay.
[lock clicking open]
Don't open it too far, just a little.
-[lighter clicking]
-[fuse hissing]
[Bambang panicking]
Sir, sir, what do we do now?
[Rahman] Move, move!
[whizzing and popping]
[roaring]
[Kenes gasping nervously]
-I can't hold it.
-It's okay, all right?
Sir, please, please.
Sir? Sir!
[pounding on door]
-Try this one.
-You're sure?
Where's your lighter?
[Bambang] Come on.
[fuse hissing]
[rockets whizzing]
[all clamoring]
-[whizzing continues]
-[breathing heavily]
Is it clear?
[heavy breathing]
[Kenes] Sir, go.
[Kenes panting nervously]
[Bambang] Which way?
Sir. You're sure, sir?
Sir, sir, sir!
There they are.
Shoot. Shoot! Come on, sir.
[shield thudding]
What are you gonna do?
[Kenes gasping]
[Kenes] Watch out!
-[Kenes screams]
-[Bambang] Got him.
-Shoot the head.
-[Kenes] They're getting closer, Bang.
Shoot the head. Shoot the head.
Hit!
[Bambang] It's okay. Stay calm.
[growls]
-[Kenes] Bambang!
-[Bambang] Oh, no.
[heavy breathing]
What are we going to do? Bang!
[Bambang] What do we do now?
-[Rahman] Hold.
-[Bambang] Hold.
[all screaming]
[Kenes yelling] Bambang!
[Rahman] Hold!
[teeth gnashing]
-[Nes screams]
-[Bambang] Nes, shoot them!
Come on, Nes. That's it. That's it.
[yells] What are we going to do?
[Rahman] Push.
-[Bambang] Push? Push where?
-To the bike!
[Bambang] Nes, stay close to me.
[Rahman] Push!
[Bambang] Stay calm.
Nes, stick to me.
-[grunting]
-[Bambang] Come on. Come on.
-Oh, my God. There's so many of them.
-Bang, I can't breathe.
Help, I can't breathe.
[yelling]
[Bambang] Come on. Goddamn it!
Push. Push, Nes. Keep pushing.
[tense music stops]
[thunder rumbling]
[roaring]
[growling]
[metal clanging]
-[Ningsih gasping]
-[pounding on door]
[Karina gasping]
[roaring]
[growling]
[Raihan gasping in fear]
How are we going to get away?
[Raihan, Ningsih whimpering]
Raihan, stay there.
-[glass shattering]
-[screaming]
[Ningsih panting in fear]
[Raihan] Madam Kar. Madam Kar.
[tense music playing]
-[growling]
-[yells]
-[Kenes yelling] Bang!
-[straining]
[thunder rumbling]
[roars and growls stop]
Bang? Bang?
[zombies fall silent]
-[growls continue]
-[Kenes screaming]
[groaning]
[thunder rumbling]
[rain pouring]
[Kenes breathing heavily]
Nes, what did they stop for?
I don't know. I don't know.
[teeth gnashing]
-Bang!
-[Rahman] Get to the bike.
[suspenseful music playing]
[Rahman] Go, go.
[breathing heavily]
[whispering] Nes, let's go.
Go!
[roaring]
[music stops]
[thunder rumbling]
[Ningsih] Where is he going?
[whispering] Ma'am, don't. Don't.
Shh!
[distant thunder]
[Raihan] Open it slowly.
Shh!
[rain pouring]
[thunder rumbling]
[Ningsih] Ma'am.
Ma'am?
-Why aren't they moving?
-[exhales]
It's the rain.
I think it's because of the rain.
We have to leave.
[tense music playing]
Raihan, we're leaving now, okay?
[Rudi roaring]
[Ningsih] We can use my motorbike.
[Raihan] Madam Kar.
[Rudi pounding the door]
[roaring]
[panting]
Hurry up, Ningsih.
Come on, Sih. Get it started.
[kick-starting]
-[engine rumbling]
-[Karina] Okay!
-[Ningsih, Raihan gasping]
-[roaring]
[all screaming]
-Get on, now!
-Go!
Faster, Ningsih!
[tense music intensifies]
[tense music fades]
[rain stops]
-[roaring]
-[menacing music playing]
Oh, Bambang!
-[Kenes] Bang!
-[Bambang] Nes!
[gunshots]
[shrieking]
[growling]
Kenes!
[straining]
[breathing heavily]
-Nes!
-Bang! Bang!
Just get to the motorbike.
[empty gun clicks]
[irritated groan]
-Shoot them!
-I'm out of ammo!
[panting]
Get back to the station.
Through the fields!
-[Bambang] Push!
-[grunting]
[Rahman] All right, run!
[panting]
[music intensifies]
[Bambang] Sir. Sir!
My sister, sir!
[lock clicking]
-[roars]
-[shrieking]
[gasps]
[screaming]
[gasping]
[screams]
[breathing heavily]
[gasping in shock]
[sobbing]
[breathing heavily]
-[ignition clicking]
-[engine revving]
[engine rumbling]
[engine cuts off]
-[engine rumbling]
-[shrieking]
[engine cuts off]
[sobbing]
[music fades]
Where are we going, Ningsih?
We get to Rahman's police precinct,
and then we get the hell out of here
as fast as we possibly can.
What's that?
I don't know.
Stop, stop, stop, stop.
[sobbing softly]
Wait right here.
[pounding on the windows]
[Kenes breath heavily]
Sih, turn around.
What's wrong?
-Ma'am, it won't start. Ma'am.
-Get off, Han.
[engine turning over]
Can you start it?
-[yelling] Raihan. Raihan!
-[honking]
Raihan!
-[engine fails]
-Can you help me, Ma'am?
-[roaring]
-[tense music playing]
Raihan!
[growling]
[Ningsih gasping in panic]
[firework explodes and whizzes]
[growling]
[tense music fades out]
[whizzing and explosions continue]
[panting]
Raihan.
[sobbing] Oh, no. No.
[breathing heavily]
[motorbike kickstarting]
[gasping]
[soft somber music playing]
[Raihan] Mommy?
Mommy?
-Sweetheart.
-Mom.
[sobbing]
It's okay, my darling. Mommy's here now.
[Raihan continues sobbing]
-What's wrong, Mom?
-It's okay.
Kar.
[ominous music playing]
[trembling] It-- It's--
-[Ningsih gasps]
-This way.
[Raihan] Let's get inside, Mom.
Mom, come on.
[panting in fear]
[roaring]
[teeth gnashing]
[flesh squelches]
[ominous music fades]
[thudding]
[shaky breathing]
-[ominous music playing]
-[growls]
Kar, quickly!
-[roaring]
-[all screaming]
-[phone vibrating]
-[panting]
-Where are you, Ningsih?
-Rahman!
Hurry. Rahman… [sobbing]
…we don't have much time.
I'm in a truck, uh,
with Raihan and a lady.
[Kenes] Where's Bambang?
-Sir, Ningsih's in the truck with Kenes.
-What?
Nes. Nes, is Raihan with you?
Yes, he's with me.
We'll try to get there
and pick you guys up, okay?
-Okay. My sister's still alive, sir.
-Okay, Bang.
[Kenes] Karina, hurry up,
turn the engine on.
-I haven't driven a manual for ages.
-You can do it. Come on.
-No, I can't, I can't do it.
-You can do it, you can.
Come on, Madam, drive.
Just drive the truck. You can. You can.
Shh. Shh, shh, shh!
Okay, okay.
Karina, we've got this far.
-Okay?
-Yeah. Okay.
-[telolet horn blaring]
-[all shrieking]
Gently. It's okay.
[engine rumbling]
[Kenes] You got this.
-Come on.
-[truck alarm beeping]
[Karina yelling]
[all screaming]
[gasping]
-Go, go, go. Kar, just drive, just drive.
-Drive, drive, drive!
Kar, just drive!
Go, go, go, get going, get going.
-[thumping]
-[Kenes] Kar, come on.
[Karina whimpering]
-You can drive over them, just hit them.
-Just hit them. Hit them!
[screaming in fear]
-It's okay. It's okay.
-Come on.
-[horn honking]
-[bodies thumping]
It's okay.
Ah!
[uplifting music playing]
-[screaming]
-[squelching]
How are they still going?
There's Rahman's station in front.
[Kenes] Kar, turn left.
Stop. Ma'am, we have to stop.
-[Kenes] Brake, Karina!
-I can't do it. I'm--
[Ningsih screaming] Put on the brake!
-Karina, Karina!
-[screaming]
[music fades]
[Kenes coughing]
[panting]
Honey, are you okay?
Honey?
[coughing]
[Kenes grunting]
Kenes, you're okay? And you, Raihan?
-[Kenes] Oh, my God.
-[Karina] Ah…
-[thud]
-[all gasping]
[Rahman] Ningsih!
Rahman! Get out. It's okay.
[Rahman coughing]
[sobbing hysterically]
-[Rahman] Are you okay?
-Careful.
[Kenes] Bang?
Kar, Karina! I need your help!
Sir, please help.
Karina, hurry up.
-[Karina] Just wait. I'm coming, Bang.
-[Kenes] Kar!
-[Bambang groaning in pain]
-Bang.
-Lift it up, Kar!
-[Bambang groaning]
-[grunts]
-[Kenes] Kar.
[grunts in pain] Oh, It hurts.
Ugh, ow, ow.
Sir.
-Stop pulling. Stop, stop.
-Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay.
[tense music playing]
[Bambang] Ow, ow, ow. [groans]
[Ningsih screaming in horror]
What? [gasping in shock]
-[roars]
-[pounding on window]
[growling]
[Rahman groaning]
[whimpering]
[sobbing in fear]
[Raihan screaming in fear]
We gotta do something!
Check the side door!
This way.
We can go this way.
Karina, come on.
-I found a side door. We can escape.
-I can't move it. [grunting]
[groaning in pain]
[both groaning]
-Other side.
-[Bambang] I can't lift my foot.
-Hurry up.
-I'll pull. You push!
Kar. Nes, stop, stop!
-No, I can't!
-[yelling] Stop, stop, stop!
[panting]
[Bambang] Just stop!
All my life,
I've always run away from danger.
Now this time, I'm staying.
Hey, dude.
We split up, we'll win this.
You protect your mom.
[sobbing]
And I'll stay here.
[gunshots]
[yelling]
-[roaring]
-[gasping]
-Rahman!
-[crunching]
Ningsih!
[Ningsih screaming in pain]
[Rahman screaming angrily]
[sobbing in pain]
Go back.
-[yelling]
-[empty gun clicks]
[growls]
[yelling]
[Rahman, Ningsih screaming in pain]
No. Enough, Nes.
-[Kenes] Bang, you can do it.
-Nes, no. Enough! Nes.
[groans]
-Rudi?
-[thud]
-Daddy.
-[roaring]
Rudi!
Nes, I'm out of bullets.
-Rudi. Rudi.
-Watch out, Nes!
[shrieking]
[roaring]
[Bambang] Kar, shoot him.
Mama!
Mom! Mama!
Raihan!
[whimpering]
[roaring]
Rudi, stop!
[teeth gnashing]
Karina, shoot him.
Shoot him!
Karina! Shoot!
-Shoot him.
-[Bambang] Karina!
[screaming]
[tense music ends]
[breathing heavily]
[gun clattering]
[gun thudding]
[groaning]
[window breaking]
[roars]
[gasping]
[melancholic music playing]
Come on. Bang, we have to go.
-Come on, Bang. You can do it.
-Come on, Uncle.
[groaning in pain]
-[muffled voice] Come on. Uncle.
-[grunting] Bang, come on.
Just go, guys.
-Come on.
-Bang, you have to come.
[muffled groaning]
[poignant music playing]
Ningsih.
I'll love you always.
[muffled roars and growls]
[Kenes] Come on, Bang. We can't leave you.
We need to get moving.
Bang, come on.
Go, please go. Go now.
-Bang, come on.
-Come on.
Come on, Bang. Don't do this.
-You have to go now.
-No. Don't do this, please.
-Please. Come on.
-No, don't do it.
-Please go. Leave me.
-Nes, let's go.
Nes, we have to go now.
[muffled yelling]
Come on, you son of a bitch!
That's right. Come here.
Come on. [yelling]
Come here, you bitch!
That's it! You bastard!
[poignant music continues]
[firecracker hissing]
[muffled explosion]
[music intensifies]
[fireworks popping]
-We can't stay here. Come on, Nes.
-[Raihan sobbing] Uncle Bambang. My uncle.
[firecrackers whizzing and popping]
[music ends]
-Kar, check the motorbike. Can you drive?
-Okay. Okay, okay.
[panting] We got to go.
[fireworks popping]
Please, please, please.
We're good. Nes, it's working.
What's up, Nes?
Show me.
What is it, Mom?
Mom, what is it?
What is it?
Mom.
-[sobbing]
-[Kenes sniffling]
Sweetheart…
Mommy can't come right now
with you and Kar.
-You have to come with us.
-No, no, no.
You have to.
-I could improve…
-Mom, you have to come.
…then I'll definitely come. Oh, yeah.
[sobbing] Mommy. You have to come.
-I'm sorry, baby. I'm so sorry.
-Mama.
[both sobbing]
Don't leave us.
I'm sorry, baby.
You have to come with us.
[Karina sobbing]
Listen, Nes.
[breathing heavily] You come with us.
We'll get far away from here.
I don't want to lose you again.
[Raihan] Mama. Mama.
[crying loudly]
Nes. Nes.
Raihan is yours.
You said you'd take care of him.
Get away from this place.
You promise me.
[Karina] No.
What are you doing? Please don't.
Nes! Nes, don't!
[Karina sobbing]
[somber music playing]
-[fireworks popping]
-Nes.
Nes.
[roars and growls]
[yelling] Go, Kar. Go!
[somber music continues]
[fuse crackling]
[fireworks whizzing and popping]
[roaring]
[gun cocks]
[somber music intensifies]
[screaming]
[muffled gunshot]
[somber music ends]
[silence]
[frog croaking]
We left Mom behind, Madam Kar.
-[sobbing]
-[Karina sighs]
Hold on to me, Han.
[roaring]
[ominous music playing]
[roaring loudly]
["Indonesia Pusaka"
by Voice of Baceprot playing]
["Indonesia Pusaka" stops]
[woman] Honey.
Dimin hasn't responded yet.
Dimin?
Yeah, it's not like him.
Busy boy.
He's got those children.
-They can be a handful.
-Hm.
But we can also get into trouble…
If you don't bathe!
-[chuckles]
-Uh! You!
We'll miss the flight, Grace. Come on.
-Okay, I'll go shower.
-Good.
By the way, have you tried
the herbal medicine?
-Not yet.
-Okay.
HERBAL MEDICINE
SAMPLE
[Grace gasping] Honey!
-Yeah?
-Honey!
-What?
-Look!
[foreboding music playing]
Look!
[man] What's happened, Grace?
No gray hairs.
What?
How did you get rid of the wrinkles?
[foreboding music intensifies]
["Indonesia Pusaka"
by Voice of Baceprot playing]
by Voice of Baceprot ends]
[closing theme music playing]
[closing theme music ends]